Now with the fundamentals about React Native out of the way it's time to dive deeper into what it takes
to build real react native applications and which core building blocks you meet there.
We'll dive into the heart of building React Native apps so the core things you've got to know and dead
would be components that you know how to use the built in components where to learn more about them
and which important components are built in.
And of course that you also have a clear understanding of how you add your own components and how you
use your own components and how you would build a more realistic app with that mixture of built in and
custom components and since components alone don't really make up for such a great app they would look
pretty bad pretty boring.
Will all the dive into styling and lay outing in this module because that's a number a core building
block that you need to master need to know to build back native apps you'll learn how to style components
and we'll dive into some more exotic styles if you want to call it like this you will learn how to add
custom funds and so on in this module.
And I already had a closer look at health Lex box works in the basics module and will still of course
also use it in this module so you get more practice with that as well.
No actually there is a third core building block that you will typically work with when building React
Native apps and that's the native API modules you can work with.
So things like using maps the user location camera these are all important tools or features many mobile
apps of course need and many React Native apps therefore need and I will cover this thoroughly in this
course but at a later point of time simply because we need some more advanced knowledge to really work
with these tools.
So therefore in this module we'll have a look at components how to build our own components which important
components are built in how to style them how to create nice layouts and in detail we'll build a number
app in this module.
Still not the most complex one in the world but definitely more complex than the previous app we built.
We'll dive deeper into building and custom components will add images and custom funds and in general
we'll dive deeper into styling and into adding layouts with Flex box and into well building a more realistic
app that looks good.
So let's get started.